docs/rpc_api.md, before:

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-development-orange.svg)](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/releases)

# 0x Mesh JSON-RPC API Documentation

The JSON-RPC API is intended to be a *private* API. The API should only be
accessible to the developers running the Mesh node and should not be exposed to
the public. The API runs on a separate port from the peer-to-peer protocols and
access to it can be controlled via a firewall.

Peers in the network do not use the JSON-RPC API and instead use a peer-to-peer
PubSub mechanism (usually this is not something you need to worry about).

## Similarities to the Ethereum JSON-RPC API

Our JSON-RPC API is very similar to the
[Ethereum JSON-RPC API](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/JSON-RPC); we even
use a lot of the same code from `go-ethereum`.

Some key differences:

-   It is **only accessible via a WebSocket connection**
-   uint256 amounts should not be hex encoded, but rather sent as numerical strings

Since the API adheres to the [JSON-RPC 2.0 spec](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification),
you can use any JSON-RPC 2.0 compliant client in the language of your choice.
The clients made for Ethereum work even better since they extend the standard to
include [subscriptions](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/RPC-PUB-SUB).

### Recommended Clients:

-   Javascript/Typescript: We've published a [Typescript RPC client](json_rpc_clients/typescript/README.md)
-   Python: [Web3.py](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.py) has a [WebSocketProvider](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/providers.html#web3.providers.websocket.WebsocketProvider) you can use
-   Go: Mesh ships with a [Golang RPC client](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/rpc#Client)
    -   see the [demos](cmd/demo) for example usage

## API

### `mesh_addOrders`

Adds an array of 0x signed orders to the Mesh node.

**Example payload:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_addOrders",
    "params": [
        [
            {
                "makerAddress": "0x6440b8c5f5a3c725eb394c7c40994afaf50a0d39",
                "takerAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                "feeRecipientAddress": "0xa258b39954cef5cb142fd567a46cddb31a670124",
                "senderAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                "makerAssetAmount": "1233400000000000",
                "takerAssetAmount": "12334000000000000000000",
                "makerFee": "0",
                "takerFee": "0",
                "exchangeAddress": "0x4f833a24e1f95d70f028921e27040ca56e09ab0b",
                "expirationTimeSeconds": "1560917245",
                "signature": "0x1b6a49302774b0b0e14ef59e91fcf950dfb7db5705ae6929e06198518b1105301d4ef94b1b4760e550378bb5b7746b1a29c174290afe9448324cef4112dd03d7a103",
                "salt": "1545196045897",
                "makerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000c02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2",
                "takerAssetData": "0xf47261b00000000000000000000000000d8775f648430679a709e98d2b0cb6250d2887ef"
            }
        ]
    ],
    "id": 1
}
```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "id": 2,
    "result": {
        "accepted": [
            {
                "orderHash": "0x4e7269386c8f2234305aafb421ba470f39064d79c4826006eaffe723b2066272",
                "signedOrder": {
                    "makerAddress": "0x8cff49b26d4d13e0601769f8a60fd697b713b9c6",
                    "makerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000c778417e063141139fce010982780140aa0cd5ab",
                    "makerAssetAmount": "100000000000000000",
                    "makerFee": "0",
                    "takerAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "takerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000ff67881f8d12f372d91baae9752eb3631ff0ed00",
                    "takerAssetAmount": "1000000000000000000",
                    "takerFee": "0",
                    "senderAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "exchangeAddress": "0x4530c0483a1633c7a1c97d2c53721caff2caaaaf",
                    "feeRecipientAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "expirationTimeSeconds": "1559826927",
                    "salt": "48128453606684653105952683301312821720867493716494911784363103883716429240740",
                    "signature": "0x1cf5839d9a0025e684c3663151b1db14533cc8c9e495fb92543a37a7fffc0677a23f3b6d66a1f56d3fda46eb5277b4a91c7b7faad4fdaaa5aac9a1185dd545a8a002"
                },
                "fillableTakerAssetAmount": 1000000000000000000
            }
        ],
        "rejected": []
    }
}
```

Within the context of this endpoint:

-   _accepted_: means the order was found to be fillable for a non-zero amount and was therefore added to 0x Mesh (unless it already added of course)
-   _rejected_: means the order was not added to Mesh, however there could be many reasons for this. For example:
    -   The order could have been unfillable
    -   It could have failed some Mesh-specific validation (e.g., max order acceptable size in bytes)
    -   The network request to the Ethereum RPC endpoint used to validate the order failed

Some _rejected_ reasons warrant attempting to add the order again. Currently, the only reason we recommend re-trying adding the order is for the `NetworkRequestFailed` status code. Make sure to leave some time between attempts.

See the [AcceptedOrderInfo](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#AcceptedOrderInfo) and [RejectedOrderInfo](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#RejectedOrderInfo) type definitions as well as all the possible [RejectedOrderStatus](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#pkg-variables) types that could be returned.

**Note:** The `fillableTakerAssetAmount` takes into account the amount of the order that has already been filled AND the maker's balance/allowance. Thus, it represents the amount this order could _actually_ be filled for at this moment in time.

### `mesh_getOrders`

Gets orders already stored in a Mesh node at a particular snapshot of the DB state. This is a paginated endpoint with parameters (page, perPage and snapshotID).

**Example payload:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_getOrders",
    "params": [
        1,
        100,
        ""
    ],
    "id": 1
}
```

This payload is requesting 100 orders from the 1st page (think: offset). The third parameter is the `snapshotID` which should be left empty for the first request. The response will include the snapshotID that can then be supplied in subsequent requests.

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": {
        "snapshotID": "f47ac10b-58cc-0372-8567-0e02b2c3d479",
        "ordersInfos": [
            {
                "orderHash": "0xa0fcb54919f0b3823aa14b3f511146f6ac087ab333a70f9b24bbb1ba657a4250",
                "signedOrder": {
                    "makerAddress": "0xa3eCE5D5B6319Fa785EfC10D3112769a46C6E149",
                    "makerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000e41d2489571d322189246dafa5ebde1f4699f498",
                    "makerAssetAmount": "1000000000000000000",
                    "makerFee": "0",
                    "takerAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "takerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000c02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2",
                    "takerAssetAmount": "10000000000000000000000",
                    "takerFee": "0",
                    "senderAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "exchangeAddress": "0x080bf510FCbF18b91105470639e9561022937712",
                    "feeRecipientAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "expirationTimeSeconds": "1586340602",
                    "salt": "41253767178111694375645046549067933145709740457131351457334397888365956743955",
                    "signature": "0x1c0827552a3bde2c72560362950a69f581ae7a1e6fa8c160bb437f3a61002bb96c22b646edd3b103b976db4aa4840a11c13306b2a02a0bb6ce647806c858c238ec02"
                },
                "fillableTakerAssetAmount": "10000000000000000000000"
            }
        ]
    },
    "id": 1
}
```

### `mesh_getStats`

Gets certain configurations and stats about a Mesh node.

**Example payload:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_getStats",
    "params": [],
    "id": 1
}
```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": {
        "version": "development",
        "pubSubTopic": "/0x-orders/network/1/version/1",
        "rendervous": "/0x-mesh/network/1/version/1",
        "peerID": "16Uiu2HAmGx8Z6gdq5T5AQE54GMtqDhDFhizywTy1o28NJbAMMumF",
        "ethereumNetworkID": 1,
        "latestBlock": {
            "number": 8253150,
            "hash": "0x84aaae84147fc42fc77b33e2d3e05d86272663792d9cacaa8dc89f207b4d0642"
        },
        "numPeers": 18,
        "numOrders": 1095
    },
    "id": 1
}
```

### `mesh_subscribe` to `orders` topic

Mesh has implemented subscriptions in the [same manner as Geth](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/RPC-PUB-SUB). In order to start a subscription, you must send the following payload:

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_subscribe",
    "params": ["orders"],
    "id": 1
}
```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": "0xcd0c3e8af590364c09d0fa6a1210faf5",
    "id": 1
}
```

`result` contains the `subscriptionId` that uniquely identifies this subscription. The subscription is now active. You will now receive event payloads from Mesh of the following form:

**Example event:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_subscription",
    "params": {
        "subscription": "0xcd0c3e8af590364c09d0fa6a1210faf5",
        "result": [
            {
                "orderHash": "0x96e6eb6174dbf0458686bdae44c9a330d9a9eb563962512a7be545c4ecc13fd4",
                "signedOrder": {
                    "makerAddress": "0x50f84bbee6fb250d6f49e854fa280445369d64d9",
                    "makerAssetData": "0xf47261b00000000000000000000000000f5d2fb29fb7d3cfee444a200298f468908cc942",
                    "makerAssetAmount": "4424020538752105500000",
                    "makerFee": "0",
                    "takerAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "takerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000c02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2",
                    "takerAssetAmount": "1000000000000000061",
                    "takerFee": "0",
                    "senderAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "exchangeAddress": "0x4f833a24e1f95d70f028921e27040ca56e09ab0b",
                    "feeRecipientAddress": "0xa258b39954cef5cb142fd567a46cddb31a670124",
                    "expirationTimeSeconds": "1559422407",
                    "salt": "1559422141994",
                    "signature": "0x1cf16c2f3a210965b5e17f51b57b869ba4ddda33df92b0017b4d8da9dacd3152b122a73844eaf50ccde29a42950239ba36a525ed7f1698a8a5e1896cf7d651aed203"
                },
                "kind": "CANCELLED",
                "fillableTakerAssetAmount": 0,
                "txHashes": ["0x9e6830a7044b39e107f410e4f765995fd0d3d69d5c3b3582a1701b9d68167560"]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

See the [OrderEvent](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#OrderEvent) type declaration as well as the [EventKind](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#pkg-constants) event types for a complete list of the events that could be emitted.

To unsubscribe, send a `mesh_unsubscribe` request specifying the `subscriptionId`.

**Example unsubscription payload:**

```json
{
    "id": 1,
    "method": "mesh_unsubscribe",
    "params": ["0xcd0c3e8af590364c09d0fa6a1210faf5"]
}
```

### `mesh_subscribe` to `heartbeat` topic

After a sustained network disruption, it is possible that a WebSocket connection between client and server fails to reconnect. Both sides of the connection are unable to distinguish between network latency and a dropped connection and might continue to wait for new messages on the dropped connection. In order to avoid this, and promptly establish a new connection, clients can subscribe to a heartbeat from the server. The server will emit a heartbeat every 5 seconds. If the client hasn't received the expected heartbeat in a while, it can proactively close the connection and establish a new one. There are affordances for checking this edge-case in the [WebSocket specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6455#section-5.5.2) however our research has found that [many WebSocket clients](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/issues/170#issuecomment-503391627) fail to provide this functionality. We therefore decided to support it at the application-level.

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_subscribe",
    "params": ["heartbeat"],
    "id": 1
}
```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": "0xab1a3e8af590364c09d0fa6a12103ada",
    "id": 1
}
```

`result` contains the `subscriptionId` that uniquely identifies this subscription. The subscription is now active. You will now receive event payloads from Mesh of the following form:

**Example event:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_subscription",
    "params": {
        "subscription": "0xab1a3e8af590364c09d0fa6a12103ada",
        "result": "tick"
    }
}
```

To unsubscribe, send a `mesh_unsubscribe` request specifying the `subscriptionId`.

**Example unsubscription payload:**

```json
{
    "id": 1,
    "method": "mesh_unsubscribe",
    "params": ["0xab1a3e8af590364c09d0fa6a12103ada"]
}
```

Commit message:

Add explanation about the `orders` subscription and the `OrderEvents` that it emits

docs/rpc_api.md, after:

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-development-orange.svg)](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/releases)

# 0x Mesh JSON-RPC API Documentation

The JSON-RPC API is intended to be a *private* API. The API should only be
accessible to the developers running the Mesh node and should not be exposed to
the public. The API runs on a separate port from the peer-to-peer protocols and
access to it can be controlled via a firewall.

Peers in the network do not use the JSON-RPC API and instead use a peer-to-peer
PubSub mechanism (usually this is not something you need to worry about).

## Similarities to the Ethereum JSON-RPC API

Our JSON-RPC API is very similar to the
[Ethereum JSON-RPC API](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/JSON-RPC); we even
use a lot of the same code from `go-ethereum`.

Some key differences:

-   It is **only accessible via a WebSocket connection**
-   uint256 amounts should not be hex encoded, but rather sent as numerical strings

Since the API adheres to the [JSON-RPC 2.0 spec](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification),
you can use any JSON-RPC 2.0 compliant client in the language of your choice.
The clients made for Ethereum work even better since they extend the standard to
include [subscriptions](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/RPC-PUB-SUB).

### Recommended Clients:

-   Javascript/Typescript: We've published a [Typescript RPC client](json_rpc_clients/typescript/README.md)
-   Python: [Web3.py](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.py) has a [WebSocketProvider](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/providers.html#web3.providers.websocket.WebsocketProvider) you can use
-   Go: Mesh ships with a [Golang RPC client](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/rpc#Client)
    -   see the [demos](cmd/demo) for example usage

## API

### `mesh_addOrders`

Adds an array of 0x signed orders to the Mesh node.

**Example payload:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_addOrders",
    "params": [
        [
            {
                "makerAddress": "0x6440b8c5f5a3c725eb394c7c40994afaf50a0d39",
                "takerAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                "feeRecipientAddress": "0xa258b39954cef5cb142fd567a46cddb31a670124",
                "senderAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                "makerAssetAmount": "1233400000000000",
                "takerAssetAmount": "12334000000000000000000",
                "makerFee": "0",
                "takerFee": "0",
                "exchangeAddress": "0x4f833a24e1f95d70f028921e27040ca56e09ab0b",
                "expirationTimeSeconds": "1560917245",
                "signature": "0x1b6a49302774b0b0e14ef59e91fcf950dfb7db5705ae6929e06198518b1105301d4ef94b1b4760e550378bb5b7746b1a29c174290afe9448324cef4112dd03d7a103",
                "salt": "1545196045897",
                "makerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000c02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2",
                "takerAssetData": "0xf47261b00000000000000000000000000d8775f648430679a709e98d2b0cb6250d2887ef"
            }
        ]
    ],
    "id": 1
}
```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "id": 2,
    "result": {
        "accepted": [
            {
                "orderHash": "0x4e7269386c8f2234305aafb421ba470f39064d79c4826006eaffe723b2066272",
                "signedOrder": {
                    "makerAddress": "0x8cff49b26d4d13e0601769f8a60fd697b713b9c6",
                    "makerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000c778417e063141139fce010982780140aa0cd5ab",
                    "makerAssetAmount": "100000000000000000",
                    "makerFee": "0",
                    "takerAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "takerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000ff67881f8d12f372d91baae9752eb3631ff0ed00",
                    "takerAssetAmount": "1000000000000000000",
                    "takerFee": "0",
                    "senderAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "exchangeAddress": "0x4530c0483a1633c7a1c97d2c53721caff2caaaaf",
                    "feeRecipientAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "expirationTimeSeconds": "1559826927",
                    "salt": "48128453606684653105952683301312821720867493716494911784363103883716429240740",
                    "signature": "0x1cf5839d9a0025e684c3663151b1db14533cc8c9e495fb92543a37a7fffc0677a23f3b6d66a1f56d3fda46eb5277b4a91c7b7faad4fdaaa5aac9a1185dd545a8a002"
                },
                "fillableTakerAssetAmount": 1000000000000000000
            }
        ],
        "rejected": []
    }
}
```

Within the context of this endpoint:

-   _accepted_: means the order was found to be fillable for a non-zero amount and was therefore added to 0x Mesh (unless it already added of course)
-   _rejected_: means the order was not added to Mesh, however there could be many reasons for this. For example:
    -   The order could have been unfillable
    -   It could have failed some Mesh-specific validation (e.g., max order acceptable size in bytes)
    -   The network request to the Ethereum RPC endpoint used to validate the order failed

Some _rejected_ reasons warrant attempting to add the order again. Currently, the only reason we recommend re-trying adding the order is for the `NetworkRequestFailed` status code. Make sure to leave some time between attempts.

See the [AcceptedOrderInfo](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#AcceptedOrderInfo) and [RejectedOrderInfo](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#RejectedOrderInfo) type definitions as well as all the possible [RejectedOrderStatus](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#pkg-variables) types that could be returned.

**Note:** The `fillableTakerAssetAmount` takes into account the amount of the order that has already been filled AND the maker's balance/allowance. Thus, it represents the amount this order could _actually_ be filled for at this moment in time.

### `mesh_getOrders`

Gets orders already stored in a Mesh node at a particular snapshot of the DB state. This is a paginated endpoint with parameters (page, perPage and snapshotID).

**Example payload:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_getOrders",
    "params": [
        1,
        100,
        ""
    ],
    "id": 1
}
```

This payload is requesting 100 orders from the 1st page (think: offset). The third parameter is the `snapshotID` which should be left empty for the first request. The response will include the snapshotID that can then be supplied in subsequent requests.

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": {
        "snapshotID": "f47ac10b-58cc-0372-8567-0e02b2c3d479",
        "ordersInfos": [
            {
                "orderHash": "0xa0fcb54919f0b3823aa14b3f511146f6ac087ab333a70f9b24bbb1ba657a4250",
                "signedOrder": {
                    "makerAddress": "0xa3eCE5D5B6319Fa785EfC10D3112769a46C6E149",
                    "makerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000e41d2489571d322189246dafa5ebde1f4699f498",
                    "makerAssetAmount": "1000000000000000000",
                    "makerFee": "0",
                    "takerAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "takerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000c02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2",
                    "takerAssetAmount": "10000000000000000000000",
                    "takerFee": "0",
                    "senderAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "exchangeAddress": "0x080bf510FCbF18b91105470639e9561022937712",
                    "feeRecipientAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "expirationTimeSeconds": "1586340602",
                    "salt": "41253767178111694375645046549067933145709740457131351457334397888365956743955",
                    "signature": "0x1c0827552a3bde2c72560362950a69f581ae7a1e6fa8c160bb437f3a61002bb96c22b646edd3b103b976db4aa4840a11c13306b2a02a0bb6ce647806c858c238ec02"
                },
                "fillableTakerAssetAmount": "10000000000000000000000"
            }
        ]
    },
    "id": 1
}
```

### `mesh_getStats`

Gets certain configurations and stats about a Mesh node.

**Example payload:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_getStats",
    "params": [],
    "id": 1
}
```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": {
        "version": "development",
        "pubSubTopic": "/0x-orders/network/1/version/1",
        "rendervous": "/0x-mesh/network/1/version/1",
        "peerID": "16Uiu2HAmGx8Z6gdq5T5AQE54GMtqDhDFhizywTy1o28NJbAMMumF",
        "ethereumNetworkID": 1,
        "latestBlock": {
            "number": 8253150,
            "hash": "0x84aaae84147fc42fc77b33e2d3e05d86272663792d9cacaa8dc89f207b4d0642"
        },
        "numPeers": 18,
        "numOrders": 1095
    },
    "id": 1
}
```

### `mesh_subscribe` to `orders` topic

Allows the caller to subscribe to a stream of `OrderEvents`. An `OrderEvent` contains either newly discovered orders found by Mesh via the P2P network, or updates to the fillability of a previously discovered order (e.g., if an order gets filled, cancelled, expired, etc...). `OrderEvent`s _do not_ correspond 1-to-1 to smart contract events. Rather, an `OrderEvent` about an orders fillability change represents the aggregate change to it's fillability given _all_ the transactions included within the most recently mined block.

**Example:** If an order is both `filled` and `cancelled` within a single block, only a cancellation `OrderEvent` will be emitted (since this is the final state of the order after this block is mined). The cancellation `OrderEvent` _will_ however list the hashes of all transactions that impacted the order's fillability within the block. Using these `txHashes`, one can fetch all the individual smart contract events impacting to an order if they are needed.

Mesh has implemented subscriptions in the [same manner as Geth](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/RPC-PUB-SUB). In order to start a subscription, you must send the following payload:

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_subscribe",
    "params": ["orders"],
    "id": 1
}
```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": "0xcd0c3e8af590364c09d0fa6a1210faf5",
    "id": 1
}
```

`result` contains the `subscriptionId` that uniquely identifies this subscription. The subscription is now active. You will now receive event payloads from Mesh of the following form:

**Example event:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_subscription",
    "params": {
        "subscription": "0xcd0c3e8af590364c09d0fa6a1210faf5",
        "result": [
            {
                "orderHash": "0x96e6eb6174dbf0458686bdae44c9a330d9a9eb563962512a7be545c4ecc13fd4",
                "signedOrder": {
                    "makerAddress": "0x50f84bbee6fb250d6f49e854fa280445369d64d9",
                    "makerAssetData": "0xf47261b00000000000000000000000000f5d2fb29fb7d3cfee444a200298f468908cc942",
                    "makerAssetAmount": "4424020538752105500000",
                    "makerFee": "0",
                    "takerAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "takerAssetData": "0xf47261b0000000000000000000000000c02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2",
                    "takerAssetAmount": "1000000000000000061",
                    "takerFee": "0",
                    "senderAddress": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
                    "exchangeAddress": "0x4f833a24e1f95d70f028921e27040ca56e09ab0b",
                    "feeRecipientAddress": "0xa258b39954cef5cb142fd567a46cddb31a670124",
                    "expirationTimeSeconds": "1559422407",
                    "salt": "1559422141994",
                    "signature": "0x1cf16c2f3a210965b5e17f51b57b869ba4ddda33df92b0017b4d8da9dacd3152b122a73844eaf50ccde29a42950239ba36a525ed7f1698a8a5e1896cf7d651aed203"
                },
                "kind": "CANCELLED",
                "fillableTakerAssetAmount": 0,
                "txHashes": ["0x9e6830a7044b39e107f410e4f765995fd0d3d69d5c3b3582a1701b9d68167560"]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

See the [OrderEvent](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#OrderEvent) type declaration as well as the [EventKind](https://godoc.org/github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/zeroex#pkg-constants) event types for a complete list of the events that could be emitted.

To unsubscribe, send a `mesh_unsubscribe` request specifying the `subscriptionId`.

**Example unsubscription payload:**

```json
{
    "id": 1,
    "method": "mesh_unsubscribe",
    "params": ["0xcd0c3e8af590364c09d0fa6a1210faf5"]
}
```

### `mesh_subscribe` to `heartbeat` topic

After a sustained network disruption, it is possible that a WebSocket connection between client and server fails to reconnect. Both sides of the connection are unable to distinguish between network latency and a dropped connection and might continue to wait for new messages on the dropped connection. In order to avoid this, and promptly establish a new connection, clients can subscribe to a heartbeat from the server. The server will emit a heartbeat every 5 seconds. If the client hasn't received the expected heartbeat in a while, it can proactively close the connection and establish a new one. There are affordances for checking this edge-case in the [WebSocket specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6455#section-5.5.2) however our research has found that [many WebSocket clients](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/issues/170#issuecomment-503391627) fail to provide this functionality. We therefore decided to support it at the application-level.

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_subscribe",
    "params": ["heartbeat"],
    "id": 1
}
```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": "0xab1a3e8af590364c09d0fa6a12103ada",
    "id": 1
}
```

`result` contains the `subscriptionId` that uniquely identifies this subscription. The subscription is now active. You will now receive event payloads from Mesh of the following form:

**Example event:**

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "mesh_subscription",
    "params": {
        "subscription": "0xab1a3e8af590364c09d0fa6a12103ada",
        "result": "tick"
    }
}
```

To unsubscribe, send a `mesh_unsubscribe` request specifying the `subscriptionId`.

**Example unsubscription payload:**

```json
{
    "id": 1,
    "method": "mesh_unsubscribe",
    "params": ["0xab1a3e8af590364c09d0fa6a12103ada"]
}
```
